- mais oui la fête Stan's Stan's in the
big pitch like I said Louie doesn't mean
that much okay you can withstand
whatever weight you want the thing at
one position you get it from your stance
so look into extreme guys the basically
looking left and he strides and he gets
in the Lord position back 23 doesn't
play McCoy used to play he never stands
like this you think his position now we
take you stride and he kept loaded he's
in the same exact position so our first
hitting essential is the loading
position
now stance you do want to keep pretty
basic because a guy like picking out
without standing like this especially
for young hitters to go from this
position to get to that position so
we're gonna try to do is keep it as
simple as possible okay a lot of guys
named I only watched a couple minutes
but their stride another thing that you
know guys do so much to describe to
think it a big step but they can shoot
step but flying open to strive for
doesn't do that much either
okay kind of guys have heard your power
comes from your stride you got they have
big strides really tried to look coming
elbow up okay I'm gonna talk about
against answer doesn't mean anything but
the tough part is to get into a hitting
position so you looking some of your
best there's ever basically to get Barry
Bonds he stuff like this and he gets
into that position house where you get
the same position Manny Ramirez same
positions all those guys in the same
position so pretty much guys you want to
keep it as simple as possible you want
to keep your stride short you don't want
to do too much in there okay you want to
keep your hands bloated in a good
position take your hands back and then
guys rotate your hands back and get your
hands back to an extent that's right
okay most basically
right away from your hands okay so
everybody sees my hands everybody
dumping my head cool
they cop they come back a little bit the
backgrounds back but the my hands will
go back go back
so you should slightly come forward just
like what you really feel the bone when
you step the throat does your hand go
back does your body come forward right
so you getting forwards and get your
hands back that's called striding away
from the ball so we love that and we
strive for our hands get back demands
dinner which might get a good athletic
position
okay a lot of guys they can get real
narrow guys like to get real what we
want to fly they have to meet him maybe
a little further than shoulder width
apart okay
again some of you guys that you want you
know you want to be comfortably this
dance being comfortable is in this
report you want to be in a comfortable
position but the big thing is getting
into the right position and having clean
lines on my say clean lines when you
strike you want to make sure that you're
striding forward towards efficient but
how many guys have heard an outside
pitch you step in pitch a little step
forward inside pitcher step out people
birthday
it's not bad at your age coming guys
a pitcher she approached a job